Update build-for-business.md (#4562)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/design-principles/build-for-business.md

- **Define functional and nonfunctional requirements**. Functional requirements determine whether an application performs its task. Nonfunctional requirements determine how well the application performs. Make sure you understand nonfunctional requirements like scalability, availability, and latency. These requirements influence design decisions and technology choices.

> - **Decompose workloads**. Workload in this context means a discrete capability or computing task that can logically be separated from other tasks. Different workloads might have different requirements for availability, scalability, data consistency, and disaster recovery. Well-designed systems empower you to act on improvement opportunities. To achieve this, you can break down workloads into adjustable components. A typical strategy involves categorizing components based on their importance. For example, Tier 1 components are crucial and should be optimized without regard to expense. Tier 2 components are significant but can be reduced temporarily with minimal consequences. Tier 3 components are optional; keep them cost-effective and easily manageable.  Establishing these tiers facilitates a balance between cost and other needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Decompose workloads into discrete functionality**. A workload is a collection of application resources, data, and supporting infrastructure that function together to achieve defined business outcomes. A workload consists of components and also development and operational procedures. Workloads often can be decomposed into discrete functionality that aligns with user, data, or system flows and those flows can be attributed value and have non-functional requirements.

   Different user, data, or system flows often have different requirements for availability, scalability, data consistency, and disaster recovery. Well-designed systems allow you to optimize your design per flow. To achieve this, you must break down workloads into adjustable components. A typical strategy involves categorizing components based on their value. For example, Tier 1 components are crucial and should be optimized without regard to expense. Tier 2 components are significant but can be reduced temporarily with minimal consequences. Tier 3 components are optional; keep them cost-effective and easily manageable.  Establishing a shared understanding of the value of flows helps everyone designing and evolving a workload keep a balance between cost and other non-functional requirements.
```
